Update `MPS` manual in docs (#280)
bsc-quantic/Tenet.jl: docs/src/manual/ansatz/mps.md

# Matrix Product States (MPS)

```@setup examples
using Tenet
using Makie
Makie.inline!(true)
set_theme!(resolution=(800,400))
using GraphMakie
using CairoMakie
CairoMakie.activate!(type = "svg")
using NetworkLayout
```

> Matrix Product States ([`MPS`](@ref)) (also known as _Tensor Trains_) are a Quantum Tensor Network [`Ansatz`](@ref) whose tensors are laid out in a 1D chain. Depending on the boundary conditions, these chains can be open or closed (i.e. periodic boundary conditions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matrix Product States ([`MPS`](@ref)) (also known as _Tensor Trains_) are [`Ansatz`](@ref) Tensor Networks whose tensors are laid out in a 1D chain. Depending on the boundary conditions, these chains can be open or closed (i.e. periodic boundary conditions).
```

#### `Canonical` Form
Also known as Vidal's form, the [`Canonical`](@ref) form represents the [`MPS`](@ref) using a sequence of tensors (`Γ`) and diagonal vectors (`λ`) containing the Schmidt coefficients. The [`MPS`](@ref) is expressed as:

```math
| \psi \rangle = \sum_{i_1, \dots, i_N} \Gamma_1^{i_1} \lambda_2 \Gamma_2^{i_2} \dots \lambda_{N-1} \Gamma_{N-1}^{i_{N-1}} \lambda_N \Gamma_N^{i_N} | i_1, \dots, i_N \rangle \, .
```

You can convert an `MPS` to the `Canonical` form by calling `canonize!`:

```@repl examples
canonize!(ψ)

form(ψ)
```

#### `MixedCanonical` Form
In the [`MixedCanonical`](@ref) form, tensors to the left of the orthogonality center are left-canonical, tensors to the right are right-canonical, and the tensors at the orthogonality center (which can be [`Site`](@ref) or `Vector{<:Site}`) contains the entanglement information between the left and right parts of the chain. In Tenet, a left (right) canonical `Tensor` is an isometry pointing to the direction right (left). The position of the orthogonality center is stored in the `orthog_center` field.

> You can convert an [`MPS`](@ref) to the [`MixedCanonical`](@ref) form and specify the orthogonality center using [`mixed_canonize!`](@ref). Additionally, one can check that the `MPS` is effectively in mixed canonical form using the function [`isisometry`](@ref), which returns `True` if the [`Tensor`](@ref) at that particular site is an isometry pointing at direction `dir`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can convert an [`MPS`](@ref) to the [`MixedCanonical`](@ref) form and specify the orthogonality center using [`mixed_canonize!`](@ref). Additionally, one can check that the [`MPS`](@ref) is effectively in mixed canonical form using the function [`isisometry`](@ref), which returns `true` if the [`Tensor`](@ref) at that particular site is an isometry pointing at direction `dir`:
```

```@repl examples
mixed_canonize!(ψ, Site(2))

isisometry(ψ, 1; dir=:right) # Check if the first tensor is left canonical
isisometry(ψ, 3; dir=:left) # Check if the third tensor is right canonical

form(ψ)
```

## Matrix Product Operators (MPO)

> Matrix Product Operators ([`MPO`](@ref)) are the operator version of [Matrix Product State (MPS)](#matrix-product-states-mps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matrix Product Operators ([`MPO`](@ref)) are the operator version of [Matrix Product States (MPS)](@ref).
```

> The major difference between them is that MPOs have 2 indices per site (1 input and 1 output) while MPSs only have 1 index per site (i.e. an output). Currently, only [`Open`](@ref) boundary conditions are supported in Tenet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The major difference between them is that MPOs have 2 indices per site (1 input and 1 output) while MPSs only have 1 index per site (i.e. an output).

!!! warning
    Currently, only [`Open`](@ref) boundary conditions are supported for [`MPO`](@ref).
```

# Matrix Product States (MPS)

```@setup plot
using Tenet
using Makie
Makie.inline!(true)
set_theme!(resolution=(800,200))

using CairoMakie
using GraphMakie
CairoMakie.activate!(type = "svg")

using NetworkLayout
```

Matrix Product States ([`MPS`](@ref)) are a Quantum Tensor Network [`Ansatz`](@ref) whose tensors are laid out in a 1D chain.
Due to this, these networks are also known as _Tensor Trains_ in other scientific fields.
Depending on the boundary conditions, these chains can be open or closed (i.e. periodic boundary conditions). Currently
only `Open` boundary conditions are supported in `Tenet`.

```@example plot
fig = Figure() # hide
open_mps = rand(MPS; n=10, maxdim=4)

plot!(fig[1,1], open_mps, layout=Spring(iterations=1000, C=0.5, seed=100)) # hide
Label(fig[1,1, Bottom()], "Open") # hide

fig # hide
```

The default ordering of the indices on the `MPS` constructor is (physical, left, right), but you can specify the ordering by passing the `order` keyword argument:

```@repl plot
mps = MPS([rand(4, 2), rand(4, 8, 2), rand(8, 2)]; order=[:l, :r, :o])
```

> where `:l`, `:r`, and `:o` represent the left, right, and outer physical indices, respectively.

Reviewer: Can you start more naively? Like let's start by manually doing a MPS without `order`, then with `order` and finally the `rand` one`.

Also the `mps` in the example is not gonna be a real one, because the bond dimension is much bigger than it should.

maybe you can use this:
```julia
mps = MPS([rand(2, 2), rand(2, 4, 2), rand(4, 2, 2) rand(2, 2)])
```

then this by changing the output index to be first:
```julia
mps = MPS([rand(2, 2), rand(2, 2, 4), rand(2, 4, 2) rand(2, 2)]; order=[:o,:l,:r])
```

and finally rand
```julia
mps = rand(MPS; n=4, maxdim=4)
```

Author: Okay let's do this!

### Canonical Forms

An `MPS` representation is not unique: a single `MPS` can be represented in different canonical forms. The choice of canonical form can affect the efficiency and stability of algorithms used to manipulate the `MPS`.
The current form of the `MPS` is stored as the trait [`Form`](@ref) and can be accessed via the `form` function:

```@repl plot
mps = MPS([rand(2, 2), rand(2, 2, 2), rand(2, 2)])

form(mps)
```

> > :warning: Depending on the form, `Tenet` will dispatch under the hood the appropriate algorithm which assumes full use of the canonical form, so be careful when making modifications that might alter the canonical form without changing the trait.

Author: Okay!

> `Tenet` has the internal function [`Tenet.check_form`](@ref) to check if the `MPS` is in the correct canonical form. This function can be used to ensure that the `MPS` is in the correct form before performing any operation that requires it.

Reviewer: I've been referring Tenet without the code formatting... I think we should keep it like normal text format.

```suggestion
Tenet has the internal function [`Tenet.check_form`](@ref) to check if the `MPS` is in the correct canonical form. This function can be used to ensure that the `MPS` is in the correct form before performing any operation that requires it.
```

```@repl plot
mps = MPS([rand(2, 2), rand(2, 2, 2), rand(2, 2)])
canonize!(mps)

form(mps)
```

#### `MixedCanonical` Form
In the `MixedCanonical` form, tensors to the left of the orthogonality center are left-canonical, tensors to the right are right-canonical, and the tensors at the orthogonality center (which can be `Site` or `Vector{<:Site}`) contains the entanglement information between the left and right parts of the chain. The position of the orthogonality center is stored in the `orthog_center` field.

You can convert an `MPS` to the `MixedCanonical` form and specify the orthogonality center using `mixed_canonize!`. Additionally, one can check that the `MPS` is effectively in mixed canonical form using the functions `isleftcanonical` and `isrightcanonical`, which return `true` if the `Tensor` at that particular site is left or right canonical, respectively.

```@repl plot
mps = MPS([rand(2, 2), rand(2, 2, 2), rand(2, 2)])
mixed_canonize!(mps, Site(2))

isisometry(mps, 1; dir=:right) # Check if the first tensor is left canonical
isisometry(mps, 3; dir=:left) # Check if the third tensor is right canonical

form(mps)
```

> ##### Additional Resources

Reviewer: Move this section to the end.

# Matrix Product States (MPS)

Matrix Product States ([`MPS`](@ref)) are a Quantum Tensor Network [`Ansatz`](@ref) whose tensors are laid out in a 1D chain.

> Due to this, these networks are also known as _Tensor Trains_ in other scientific fields.

Reviewer: I would say directly this:
```suggestion
Matrix Product States ([`MPS`](@ref)), aka Tensor Trians, are a Quantum Tensor Network [`Ansatz`](@ref) whose tensors are laid out in a 1D chain.
```

Depending on the boundary conditions, these chains can be open or closed (i.e. periodic boundary conditions). Currently

> only `Open` boundary conditions are supported in `Tenet`.

Reviewer: Markdown will put any phrase that is in the next line, and that it's not a blank line, just in continuation. So you can split into multiple lines if you want without problem.
```suggestion
Depending on the boundary conditions, these chains can be open or closed (i.e. periodic boundary conditions).
Currently only `Open` boundary conditions are supported in `Tenet`.
```
